capital = 268

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
}

set_convoys = 10

recruit_character = DJI_pot
recruit_character = DJI_awt
recruit_character = DJI_communist_guy
recruit_character = DJI_ncm
recruit_character = DJI_acgs
recruit_character = DJI_nccr
recruit_character = DJI_fascist_guy
recruit_character = DJI_ar
recruit_character = DJI_stc
recruit_character = DJI_aco2
recruit_character = DJI_aa2
recruit_character = DJI_ncs
recruit_character = DJI_nt
recruit_character = DJI_acas
recruit_character = DJI_acd2
recruit_character = DJI_democratic_guy
recruit_character = DJI_mt
recruit_character = DJI_ai2
recruit_character = DJI_coi
recruit_character = DJI_acr

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 25
	fascism = 20
	communism = 5
	neutrality = 50
}
