capital = 539

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
}

set_convoys = 20

recruit_character = GAB_aa2
recruit_character = GAB_democratic_guy
recruit_character = GAB_acgs
recruit_character = GAB_ncm
recruit_character = GAB_nt
recruit_character = GAB_acas
recruit_character = GAB_awt
recruit_character = GAB_pot
recruit_character = GAB_stc
recruit_character = GAB_acd2
recruit_character = GAB_communist_guy
recruit_character = GAB_aco2
recruit_character = GAB_fascist_guy
recruit_character = GAB_coi
recruit_character = GAB_ar
recruit_character = GAB_nccr
recruit_character = GAB_mt
recruit_character = GAB_ai2
recruit_character = GAB_ncs
recruit_character = GAB_acr

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1931.1.1"
	election_frequency = 96
	elections_allowed = yes
}

set_popularities = {
	neutrality = 60
	democratic = 30
	communism = 10
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Jean-Hilaire Aubame"
	desc = "POLITICS_JEAN_HILAIRE_AUBAME_DESC"
	picture = "gfx/leaders/Africa/Portrait_Africa_Generic_2.dds"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = socialism
	traits = {
		#
	}
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Gabriel Léon M'ba"
	desc = "POLITICS_LEON_MBA_DESC"
	picture = "gfx/leaders/Africa/Portrait_Africa_Generic_3.dds"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = authoritarian_democracy
	traits = {
		#
	}
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "René-Paul Sousatte"
	desc = ""
	picture = "gfx/leaders/Africa/Portrait_Africa_Generic_1.dds"
	ideology = leninism
	traits = {
		#
	}
}
