capital = 274

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
}

set_convoys = 15

recruit_character = GHA_acd2
recruit_character = GHA_communist_guy
recruit_character = GHA_acr
recruit_character = GHA_fascist_guy
recruit_character = GHA_aa2
recruit_character = GHA_democratic_guy
recruit_character = GHA_ncm
recruit_character = GHA_nt
recruit_character = GHA_awt
recruit_character = GHA_ar
recruit_character = GHA_stc
recruit_character = GHA_ai2
recruit_character = GHA_aco2
recruit_character = GHA_ncs
recruit_character = GHA_coi
recruit_character = GHA_acgs
recruit_character = GHA_acas
recruit_character = GHA_pot
recruit_character = GHA_nccr
recruit_character = GHA_mt

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = communism
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 30
	fascism = 0
	communism = 70
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Kwame Nkrumah"
	desc = ""
	picture = "gfx/leaders/GHA/Portrait_Kwame_Nkrumah.dds"
	ideology = leninism
	traits = {
		#
	}
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Kofi Abrefa Busia"
	desc = "POLITICS_LEON_MBA_DESC"
	picture = "gfx/leaders/Africa/Portrait_Africa_Generic_2.dds"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = conservatism
	traits = {
		#
	}
}