capital = 780

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
}

set_convoys = 10

recruit_character = GNA_nccr
recruit_character = GNA_aco2
recruit_character = GNA_ai2
recruit_character = GNA_democratic_guy
recruit_character = GNA_fascist_guy
recruit_character = GNA_ncm
recruit_character = GNA_communist_guy
recruit_character = GNA_mt
recruit_character = GNA_ar
recruit_character = GNA_acd2
recruit_character = GNA_acas
recruit_character = GNA_pot
recruit_character = GNA_nt
recruit_character = GNA_stc
recruit_character = GNA_ncs
recruit_character = GNA_acgs
recruit_character = GNA_aa2
recruit_character = GNA_acr
recruit_character = GNA_coi
recruit_character = GNA_awt

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 25
	fascism = 20
	communism = 5
	neutrality = 50
}
