capital = 113

oob = "IRE_1936"

set_research_slots = 3

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_trucks = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
	basic_train = 1
}

set_convoys = 10

recruit_character = IRE_Éamon_de_valera
recruit_character = IRE_eoin_oduffy
recruit_character = IRE_james_larkin
recruit_character = IRE_william_norton
recruit_character = IRE_michael_costello
recruit_character = IRE_p_a_mulcahy
recruit_character = IRE_liam_archer
recruit_character = IRE_a_t_lawlor
recruit_character = IRE_oscar_traynor
recruit_character = IRE_frank_fahy
recruit_character = IRE_h_t_green
recruit_character = IRE_michael_brennan
recruit_character = IRE_richard_james_mulcahy
recruit_character = IRE_michael_joe_costello
recruit_character = IRE_dan_mckenna
recruit_character = IRE_s_muiris
recruit_character = IRE_john_byrne
recruit_character = IRE_sean_lemass
recruit_character = IRE_douglas_hyde
recruit_character = IRE_sean_ceallaigh
recruit_character = IRE_ernest_walton

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1933.1.24"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 98
	fascism = 1
	communism = 1
}