capital = 282
set_convoys = 400

#START CONDITIONS#
set_stability = 0.5
set_war_support = 0.8
set_research_slots = 3
set_fuel_ratio = 1.0
oob = "JAP_1936"

set_country_flag = not_dismissal_leader_flag

#LEADERS#
recruit_character = JAP_Jinzaburo_Masaki
recruit_character = JAP_Kenzo_Adachi
recruit_character = JAP_Keisuke_Okada
recruit_character = JAP_Kyuichi_Tokuda

#SIDE LEADERS#
recruit_character = JAP_Emperor_Hirohito
recruit_character = JAP_kisaburo_suzuki
recruit_character = JAP_Hirota_Koki
recruit_character = JAP_Sendzuro_Hayasi
recruit_character = JAP_Kadsucige_Ugaki
recruit_character = JAP_Ba_Maw
recruit_character = JAP_Tan_Shaoi
recruit_character = JAP_Lyan_Huncji
recruit_character = JAP_Hiranuma_Kiichiro
recruit_character = JAP_Fumimaro_Konoe
recruit_character = JAP_Nobuyuki_Abe
recruit_character = JAP_Mitsumasa_Yonai
recruit_character = JAP_Ken_Inukai
recruit_character = JAP_Hitosi_Asida
recruit_character = JAP_Itiro_Kono
recruit_character = JAP_Hadzime_Kavakami
recruit_character = JAP_Ichizo_Sudzuki
recruit_character = JAP_Kadzuo_Aoyama
recruit_character = JAP_Esio_Siga
recruit_character = JAP_Sadao_Araki
recruit_character = JAP_Shigeo_Otaka
recruit_character = JAP_Re_Shinoda
recruit_character = JAP_Jiro_Horikoshi
recruit_character = JAP_Endo_Ryokichi
recruit_character = JAP_Hisanodze_Odzava
recruit_character = JAP_prince_Fushimi_Hiroyasu
recruit_character = JAP_Osami_Nagano
recruit_character = JAP_Shigetaro_Shimada
recruit_character = JAP_Sigiyama_Hadzize
recruit_character = JAP_Hisaichi_Terauchi
recruit_character = JAP_Kanyin_no_mia_Kotohito
recruit_character = JAP_Kumaichi_Teramoto
recruit_character = JAP_Onisi_Takidziro
recruit_character = JAP_Minoru_Genda
recruit_character = JAP_Takeo_Yasuda
recruit_character = JAP_Kuribayasi_Tadamiti
recruit_character = JAP_Masaomi_Yasuoka
recruit_character = JAP_Tomoyuki_Yamashita
recruit_character = JAP_Hideo_Iwakuro
recruit_character = JAP_Esio_Kadama
recruit_character = JAP_Reiti_Sasakava
recruit_character = JAP_Hara_Tomio
recruit_character = JAP_Yasuhito
recruit_character = JAP_Bin_Akao
recruit_character = JAP_Kenzo_Yamamoto
recruit_character = JAP_Arahata_Kanson
recruit_character = JAP_Isikava_Sanshiro
recruit_character = JAP_Ivasaburo_Takano
recruit_character = JAP_Ichiro_Hatoyama
recruit_character = JAP_Ivaso_Sakutaro
recruit_character = JAP_Fumio_Goto
recruit_character = JAP_Chikuhei_Nakajima
recruit_character = JAP_Teiichi_Suzuki
recruit_character = JAP_Shumei_Okawa
recruit_character = JAP_Kanji_Ishiwara
recruit_character = JAP_Machida_Chuji
recruit_character = JAP_Seigo_Nakano
recruit_character = JAP_Naoki_Hosino
recruit_character = JAP_Siro_Koike
recruit_character = JAP_Rikizo_Hirano
recruit_character = JAP_Abe_Iso
recruit_character = JAP_Aso_Hisashi
recruit_character = JAP_Akamatsu_Katsumaro
recruit_character = JAP_Tadaatsu_Isiguro
recruit_character = JAP_Sirosi_Natsu
recruit_character = JAP_Nobuetsi_Yamadzaki
recruit_character = JAP_Fusanosuke_Kuhara
recruit_character = JAP_Keizo_Shibusawa
recruit_character = JAP_Yonezo_Maeda
recruit_character = JAP_Tetsu_Katayama
recruit_character = JAP_Ikki_Kita
recruit_character = JAP_Kimura_Takeo
recruit_character = JAP_Tandzan_Isibasi
recruit_character = JAP_Hideki_Todze
recruit_character = JAP_Hose_Laurel
recruit_character = JAP_Bao_Dai
recruit_character = JAP_Norodom_Sianuk
recruit_character = JAP_Sisavang_Vong
recruit_character = JAP_Ibragim_Yakob
recruit_character = JAP_Sukarno
recruit_character = JAP_Yuriy_Roy
recruit_character = JAP_Su_Siven

#ADVISORS#
recruit_character = JAP_yoshio_nishina #vanilla#
recruit_character = JAP_Siro_Isii
recruit_character = JAP_Sayondzi_Kimmoti
recruit_character = JAP_Ogur_Masacune
recruit_character = JAP_Esieki_Kavasima
recruit_character = JAP_Mineo_Osumi
recruit_character = JAP_Tatsonusuke_Yamadzaki
recruit_character = JAP_Tahakasi_Korekie
recruit_character = JAP_Hachiro_Arita
recruit_character = JAP_Sigenosuke_Ushio
recruit_character = JAP_Eichi_Baba
recruit_character = JAP_Hadzime_Suguyame
recruit_character = JAP_Kakiti_Kavarada
recruit_character = JAP_Suehiko_Shiono
recruit_character = JAP_Takuo_Godo
recruit_character = JAP_Sindzi_Esino
recruit_character = JAP_Iemasa_Tokugava
recruit_character = JAP_Koiti_Kido
recruit_character = JAP_Yoriyasu_Arima
recruit_character = JAP_Okinori_Kaya
recruit_character = JAP_Rutaro_Nagayi
recruit_character = JAP_Seishiro_Itagaki
recruit_character = JAP_Kitisaburo_Nomura
recruit_character = JAP_Sunroku_Hata
recruit_character = JAP_Dzengo_Yosida
recruit_character = JAP_Naoshi_Ohara
recruit_character = JAP_Kadzuo_Aoki
recruit_character = JAP_Ukio_Sakarauchi
recruit_character = JAP_Gindziro_Fudzivara
recruit_character = JAP_Kosiro_Oikava
recruit_character = JAP_Akira_Kazami
recruit_character = JAP_Eidzi_Yasui
recruit_character = JAP_Shigetari_Shimado
recruit_character = JAP_Kishi_Nobosune
recruit_character = JAP_Shigenori_Togo
recruit_character = JAP_Nobumasa_Suecegu
recruit_character = JAP_Tosio_Siratori
recruit_character = JAP_Tsuda_Cingo
recruit_character = JAP_Sogo_Sindzi
recruit_character = JAP_Miyadzaki_Masaesi
recruit_character = JAP_Gotaro_Ogava
recruit_character = JAP_Yuki_Taketi
recruit_character = JAP_Nakadzima_Yadanji
recruit_character = JAP_Eikiti_Katsuta
recruit_character = JAP_Ota_Masataka
recruit_character = JAP_Kogure_Budayu
recruit_character = JAP_Tadziri_Seigo
recruit_character = JAP_Itiro_Hitoyama
recruit_character = JAP_Enedzo_Maeda
recruit_character = JAP_Kenkichi_Esidzava
recruit_character = JAP_Mamoru_Sigemitsu
recruit_character = JAP_Hirose_Toyosaku
recruit_character = JAP_Hiroya_Ino
recruit_character = JAP_Kaya_Okinori
recruit_character = JAP_Isivaro_Sotaro
recruit_character = JAP_Kumatora_Honda
recruit_character = JAP_Kodzima_Seiti
recruit_character = JAP_Kodziro_Sugimori
recruit_character = JAP_Suehiko_Nisio
recruit_character = JAP_Inedziro_Asanuma
recruit_character = JAP_Jotaro_Kavakami
recruit_character = JAP_Nisida_Mitsugi
recruit_character = JAP_Sakichi_Mitsui
recruit_character = JAP_Ru_Saito
recruit_character = JAP_Rehei_Uchida
recruit_character = JAP_Kodzaburo_Tachibana
recruit_character = JAP_Gondo_Seike
recruit_character = JAP_Nisse_Inoye
recruit_character = JAP_Onisaburo_Deguti
recruit_character = JAP_Satomi_Katoshi
recruit_character = JAP_Ikeda_Shigeaki
recruit_character = JAP_Akao_Bin
recruit_character = JAP_Tanomogi_Keykichi
recruit_character = JAP_Mosaburo_Sudzuki
recruit_character = JAP_Kidzuro_Sidehara
recruit_character = JAP_Sigeru_Esida
recruit_character = JAP_Zendjiro_Horikiri
recruit_character = JAP_Sanetaka_Itedze
recruit_character = JAP_Eucuko_Yamamoto
recruit_character = JAP_Kiesi_Akito

#UNIT LEADERS#
recruit_character = JAP_Teikiti_Hori
recruit_character = JAP_Katsunoshin_Yamanasi
recruit_character = JAP_Shiro_Nonaka
recruit_character = JAP_Takaji_Muronaka
recruit_character = JAP_Asaichi_Isobe
recruit_character = JAP_Teruzo_Ando
recruit_character = JAP_Kiesada_Koda
recruit_character = JAP_Yasuhido_Kurihara
recruit_character = JAP_I_Un
recruit_character = JAP_Ko_Sieku
recruit_character = JAP_Hisao_Tani
recruit_character = JAP_Kesago_Nakajima
recruit_character = JAP_Yasuhiko_Asaka
recruit_character = JAP_Kiosi_Kavasima
recruit_character = JAP_Sigure_Hondze
recruit_character = JAP_Kohey_Kasii
recruit_character = JAP_Satoshi_Kofudzi
recruit_character = JAP_Tokeo_Hori
recruit_character = JAP_Heisuke_Yanagava
recruit_character = JAP_Prince_Kotohito
recruit_character = JAP_Nobuhito
recruit_character = JAP_Takahito
recruit_character = JAP_Prince_Naruhito
recruit_character = JAP_Masanobu_Cudzi
recruit_character = JAP_Kingoro_Hasimoto
recruit_character = JAP_Masakasu_Matsumara
recruit_character = JAP_Esio_Kudo
recruit_character = JAP_Toshihiro_Obata
recruit_character = JAP_Isamu_Cho
recruit_character = JAP_Dziro_Minami
recruit_character = JAP_Esicuko_Tatekava
recruit_character = JAP_Aritomo_Goto
recruit_character = JAP_Eidzi_Goto
recruit_character = JAP_Boshiro_Hosogaya
recruit_character = JAP_Tsunejero_Isii
recruit_character = JAP_Redza_Nakamura
recruit_character = JAP_Tuiti_Nagumo
recruit_character = JAP_Mitsumi_Simidzu
recruit_character = JAP_Nisidzo_Tsukahara
recruit_character = JAP_Toshiro_Obata
recruit_character = JAP_Hayao_Tada
recruit_character = JAP_Koretika_Anami
recruit_character = JAP_Torasiro_Kavabe
recruit_character = JAP_Kanitiro_Tashiro
recruit_character = JAP_Sudzuki_Teiti
recruit_character = JAP_Sudzuki_Erimiti
recruit_character = JAP_Rensuke_Isogai
recruit_character = JAP_Kedzi_Tominaga
recruit_character = JAP_Renya_Mutaguti
recruit_character = JAP_Ryukichi_Tanaka
recruit_character = JAP_Seizo_Kobayashi
recruit_character = JAP_Sokichi_Takagi 
recruit_character = JAP_Toyoaki_Horiuchi
recruit_character = JAP_Michida_Sugawaru 

#VANILLA IMPORT
recruit_character = JAP_akira_muto
recruit_character = JAP_shizuichi_tanaka
recruit_character = JAP_yasuji_okamura
recruit_character = JAP_toshizo_nishio
recruit_character = JAP_rikichi_ando
recruit_character = JAP_takashi_sakai
recruit_character = JAP_kenji_doihara
recruit_character = JAP_kenkichi_ueda
recruit_character = JAP_yoshijiro_umezu
recruit_character = JAP_otozo_yamada
recruit_character = JAP_hatazo_adachi
recruit_character = JAP_iwane_matsui
recruit_character = JAP_keisuke_fujie
recruit_character = JAP_kiichiro_higuchi
recruit_character = JAP_masaharu_homma
recruit_character = JAP_harukichi_hyakutake
recruit_character = JAP_jo_iimura
recruit_character = JAP_hitoshi_imamura
recruit_character = JAP_masatane_kanda
recruit_character = JAP_kuniaki_koiso
recruit_character = JAP_isoroku_yamamoto
recruit_character = JAP_mineichi_koga
recruit_character = JAP_kiyoshi_hasegawa
recruit_character = JAP_shigeyoshi_inoue
recruit_character = JAP_nobutake_kondo
recruit_character = JAP_takeo_takagi
recruit_character = JAP_soemu_toyoda
recruit_character = JAP_jisaburo_ozawa
recruit_character = JAP_zengo_yoshida
recruit_character = JAP_hiroaki_abe
recruit_character = JAP_tadashige_daigo
recruit_character = JAP_gengo_hyakutake

recruit_character = JAP_kijiro_nambu
recruit_character = JAP_keiji_fukuda
recruit_character = JAP_hideki_yukawa
recruit_character = JAP_yoji_ito

recruit_character = JAP_Elijah_Muhammad # For New Afrika

#POLITICS#
set_popularities = {
	monarchy = 15
	fascism = 10
	democratic = 27
	communism = 1
	trozkism = 3
	anarchism = 1
	neutrality = 38
	technocracy = 5
}

set_politics = { ruling_party = neutrality elections_allowed = no }

if = {
	limit = { has_start_date < 1936.01.02 } 
	#GUIDES#
	add_to_array = { NW_guide_character_array = token:JAP_Machida_Chuji }
	JAP_Machida_Chuji = { 
		set_variable = { NW_ideology_token = token:social_liberalism }
		set_variable = { NW_focus_token = token:JAP_trial_on_Sabura_Aizawa }
	}
	add_to_array = { NW_guide_character_array = token:JAP_Rutaro_Nagayi }
	JAP_Rutaro_Nagayi = { 
		set_variable = { NW_ideology_token = token:national_liberalism }
		set_variable = { NW_focus_token = token:JAP_trial_on_Sabura_Aizawa }
	}
	add_to_array = { NW_guide_character_array = token:JAP_Aso_Hisashi }
	JAP_Aso_Hisashi = { 
		set_variable = { NW_ideology_token = token:national_socialism }
		set_variable = { NW_focus_token = token:JAP_trial_on_Sabura_Aizawa }
	}
	add_to_array = { NW_guide_character_array = token:JAP_Abe_Iso }
	JAP_Abe_Iso = { 
		set_variable = { NW_ideology_token = token:socialism }
		set_variable = { NW_focus_token = token:JAP_trial_on_Sabura_Aizawa }
	}
	add_to_array = { NW_guide_character_array = token:JAP_Ichiro_Hatoyama }
	JAP_Ichiro_Hatoyama = { 
		set_variable = { NW_ideology_token = token:liberalism }
		set_variable = { NW_focus_token = token:JAP_trial_on_Sabura_Aizawa }
	}
	add_to_array = { NW_guide_character_array = token:JAP_Chikuhei_Nakajima }
	JAP_Chikuhei_Nakajima = { 
		set_variable = { NW_ideology_token = token:authoritarian_democracy }
		set_variable = { NW_focus_token = token:JAP_trial_on_Sabura_Aizawa }
	}
	add_to_array = { NW_guide_character_array = token:JAP_Seigo_Nakano }
	JAP_Seigo_Nakano = { 
		set_variable = { NW_ideology_token = token:totalism }
		set_variable = { NW_focus_token = token:JAP_trial_on_Sabura_Aizawa }
	}
	add_to_array = { NW_guide_character_array = token:JAP_Fusanosuke_Kuhara }
	JAP_Fusanosuke_Kuhara = { 
		set_variable = { NW_ideology_token = token:authoritarian_democracy }
		set_variable = { NW_focus_token = token:JAP_trial_on_Sabura_Aizawa }
	}
	add_to_array = { NW_guide_character_array = token:JAP_Mitsumasa_Yonai }
	JAP_Mitsumasa_Yonai = { 
		set_variable = { NW_ideology_token = token:authoritarian_democracy }
		set_variable = { NW_focus_token = token:JAP_trial_on_Sabura_Aizawa }
	}
}

create_dynamic_country = {
	original_tag = JAP
	copy_tag = JAP
	reserve_dynamic_country = yes
	
	set_cosmetic_tag = JAP_monarchy_side
	set_politics = { ruling_party = monarchy elections_allowed = no }
	recruit_character = JAP_Takusiro_Hattori
	
	every_core_state = { remove_core_of = PREV }
}

create_dynamic_country = {
	original_tag = JAP
	copy_tag = JAP
	reserve_dynamic_country = yes
	
	set_cosmetic_tag = JAP_fascism_side
	set_politics = { ruling_party = fascism elections_allowed = no }
	recruit_character = JAP_Se_Onuma
	recruit_character = JAP_Goro_Hishinuma
	recruit_character = JAP_Koga_Kiesi
	every_core_state = { remove_core_of = PREV }
}

create_dynamic_country = {
	original_tag = JAP
	copy_tag = JAP
	reserve_dynamic_country = yes
	
	set_cosmetic_tag = JAP_communism_side
	set_politics = { ruling_party = communism elections_allowed = no }
	every_core_state = { remove_core_of = PREV }
	recruit_character = JAP_Sandzo_Nosaka
}

create_dynamic_country = {
	original_tag = JAP
	copy_tag = JAP
	reserve_dynamic_country = yes
	
	set_cosmetic_tag = JAP_anarchism_side
	set_politics = { ruling_party = anarchism elections_allowed = no }
	every_core_state = { remove_core_of = PREV }
}

#IDEAS, VARS, FLAGS, ETC.#
set_party_name = { ideology = democratic long_name = JAP_democratic_party1 name = JAP_democratic_party1 }
add_ideas = {
	limited_exports
	limited_conscription
	low_economic_mobilisation
	JAP_Sayondzi_Kimmoti
	JAP_interservice_rivalry_balanced
	JAP_Seva
	JAP_army_factionalism
	JAP_zaibatsus
	JAP_Amur_River_Society
}
add_dynamic_modifier = { modifier = JAP_gekokujo }
set_variable = { JAP_the_level_of_insubordination_var = 40 }
JAP_the_level_of_insubordination_effect = yes
set_variable = { JAP_the_level_of_integration_var = 15 }
set_variable = { JAP_cost_dec = 1 }
every_owned_state = {
	limit = { OR = { state = 527 state = 525 state = 745 state = 524 } }
	start_resistance = yes
	set_compliance = 5
	set_resistance = 5
	set_garrison_strength = 1.0
}

every_owned_state = {
	limit = { 
		OR = { 
			state = 536 
			state = 537 
			state = 533 
			state = 534 
			state = 535 
			state = 532 
			state = 531 
			state = 282 
			state = 530 
			state = 529
			state = 528
			state = 526
		} 
	}
	add_dynamic_modifier = { modifier = JAP_narrow_gauge_railway_modifier }
}

create_import = {
	resource = oil
	factories = 2
	exporter = USA
}

if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Waking the Tiger" }
	set_autonomy = { target = CSR autonomous_state = autonomy_wtt_imperial_subject }
	set_autonomy = { target = MAN autonomous_state = autonomy_wtt_imperial_associate }
	set_autonomy = { target = EHB autonomous_state = autonomy_wtt_imperial_associate }
	else = {
		set_autonomy = { target = CSR autonomous_state = autonomy_puppet }
		set_autonomy = { target = MAN autonomous_state = autonomy_puppet }
		set_autonomy = { target = EHB autonomous_state = autonomy_puppet }
	}
}

#TECHS#
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_trucks = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	marines  = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	basic_train = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
	synth_oil_experiments = 1
	fuel_refining = 1
	# tech_sniper_squad = 1
	# tech_flamethrower_support = 1
	basic_motorcycle = 1
}

if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "La Resistance" }
	set_technology = { armored_car1 = 1 }
	create_operative_leader = {
		name = "Takeo Yoshikawa"
		GFX = GFX_portrait_takeo_yoshikawa
		traits = { }
		bypass_recruitment = no
		available_to_spy_master = yes
		nationalities = { JAP }
	}
}

if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }
	set_technology = {
		gwtank_chassis = 1
		basic_light_tank_chassis = 1
	}
	set_oob = "JAP_1936_nsb"
	add_ideas = JAP_tank_school_spirit
	set_technology = {
		own_tank_school_tech = 1
		struggle_for_survivability_of_crew_tech = 1
		reducing_size_of_tanks_tech = 1
	}
	add_to_array = { global.JAP_tank_school_spirit_array = THIS }
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Type 94 Tankette"
		type = light_tank_chassis_0
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			main_armament_slot = tank_heavy_machine_gun
			turret_type_slot = tank_light_one_man_tank_turret
			suspension_type_slot = tank_bogie_suspension
			armor_type_slot = tank_riveted_armor
			engine_type_slot = tank_gasoline_engine
		}
		upgrades = {
			tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 1
			tank_nsb_armor_upgrade = 1
		}
		obsolete = yes
		icon = "GFX_JAP_basic_light_tank_medium"
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Type 89 I-Go"
		type = medium_tank_chassis_0
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			main_armament_slot = tank_close_support_gun
			turret_type_slot = tank_medium_one_man_tank_turret
			suspension_type_slot = tank_bogie_suspension
			armor_type_slot = tank_riveted_armor
			engine_type_slot = tank_diesel_engine
		}
		upgrades = {
			tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 3
			tank_nsb_armor_upgrade = 2
		}
		icon = "GFX_JAP_basic_medium_tank_medium"
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Type 95 Ha-Go"
		type = light_tank_chassis_1
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			main_armament_slot = tank_small_cannon
			turret_type_slot = tank_light_one_man_tank_turret
			suspension_type_slot = tank_bogie_suspension
			armor_type_slot = tank_riveted_armor
			engine_type_slot = tank_diesel_engine
		}
		upgrades = {
			tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 2
			tank_nsb_armor_upgrade = 2
		}
		icon = "GFX_JAP_improved_light_tank_medium"
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Type 95 Ro-Go"
		type = heavy_tank_chassis_0
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			main_armament_slot = tank_small_cannon
			layout_type_slot = tank_multi_turret_layout
			turret_type_slot = tank_heavy_two_man_tank_turret
			suspension_type_slot = tank_bogie_suspension
			armor_type_slot = tank_riveted_armor
			engine_type_slot = tank_diesel_engine
			special_type_slot_1 = secondary_turret_hmg
			special_type_slot_2 = secondary_turret_small_cannon
			special_type_slot_3 = secondary_turret_hmg
		}
		upgrades = {
			tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 2
			tank_nsb_armor_upgrade = 2
		}
		icon = "GFX_JAP_improved_light_tank_medium"
	}
	else = {
		set_technology = {
			gwtank = 1
			basic_light_tank = 1
		}
		set_oob = "JAP_1936"
	}
}

if = {
	limit = { NOT = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	set_technology = {
		early_submarine = 1
		basic_submarine = 1
		early_destroyer = 1
		early_light_cruiser = 1
		basic_light_cruiser = 1
		early_heavy_cruiser = 1
		basic_heavy_cruiser = 1
		early_battleship = 1
		basic_battleship = 1
		early_battlecruiser = 1
		early_carrier = 1
		basic_carrier = 1
		transport = 1
	}
	set_naval_oob = "JAP_1936_naval_legacy"
	### Carrier Variants
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Akagi Class"
		type = carrier_1
		parent_version = 0
		upgrades = {
			ship_deckspace_upgrade = 5
			carrier_armor_upgrade = 2
			ship_engine_upgrade = 2
			ship_reliability_upgrade = 3
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	### Battleship Variants	
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Ise Class"
		type = battleship_1
		parent_version = 0
		upgrades = {
			ship_reliability_upgrade = 2
			ship_engine_upgrade = 3
			ship_armor_upgrade = 1
			ship_gun_upgrade = 1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Nagato Class"
		type = battleship_1
		parent_version = 1
		upgrades = {
			ship_reliability_upgrade = 3
			ship_engine_upgrade = 4
			ship_armor_upgrade = 3
			ship_gun_upgrade = 4
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	### Heavy Cruiser Variants	
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Myoko Class"
		type = heavy_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		upgrades = {
			ship_reliability_upgrade = 2
			ship_engine_upgrade = 2
			ship_armor_upgrade = 2
			ship_gun_upgrade = 3
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	### Light Cruiser Variants	
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Kuma Class"
		type = light_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		upgrades = {
			ship_reliability_upgrade = 2
			ship_engine_upgrade = 2
			ship_gun_upgrade = 1
			ship_anti_air_upgrade = 1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Sendai Class"
		type = light_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 1
		upgrades = {
			ship_reliability_upgrade = 2
			ship_engine_upgrade = 3
			ship_gun_upgrade = 1
			ship_anti_air_upgrade = 2
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	### Destroyer Variants
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Fubuki Class"
		type = destroyer_1
		parent_version = 0
		upgrades = {
			ship_torpedo_upgrade = 2
			destroyer_engine_upgrade = 4
			ship_ASW_upgrade = 2
			ship_anti_air_upgrade = 2
		}
	}	
	### Submarine Variants	
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Kaidai III Class"
		type = submarine_1
		parent_version = 0
		upgrades = {
			ship_reliability_upgrade = 3
			sub_engine_upgrade = 3
			sub_stealth_upgrade = 1
			sub_torpedo_upgrade = 2
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}

	else = {
		set_technology = {
			basic_naval_mines = 1
			submarine_mine_laying = 1
			basic_torpedo = 1
			basic_battery = 1
			basic_light_battery = 1
			basic_heavy_battery = 1
			basic_medium_battery = 1
			improved_ship_torpedo_launcher = 1
			early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
			basic_ship_hull_submarine = 1
			early_ship_hull_light = 1
			early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
			basic_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
			early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
			basic_ship_hull_heavy = 1
			early_ship_hull_carrier = 1
			basic_ship_hull_carrier = 1
			mtg_transport = 1
			coastal_defense_ships = 1
			basic_depth_charges = 1
			basic_cruiser_armor_scheme = 1
			cruiser_submarines = 1
			basic_dp_light_battery = 1
		}
		set_naval_oob = "JAP_1936_naval"
		### Carrier Variants
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Akagi Class"
			type = ship_hull_carrier_conversion_bb
			name_group = JAP_CV_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_deck_slot_1 = ship_deck_space
				fixed_ship_deck_slot_2 = ship_deck_space
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_2
				fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = empty
				mid_1_custom_slot = ship_deck_space
			}
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Kaga Class"
			type = ship_hull_carrier_conversion_bb
			name_group = JAP_CV_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_deck_slot_1 = ship_deck_space
				fixed_ship_deck_slot_2 = ship_deck_space
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_2
				fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = dp_ship_secondaries_1
				mid_1_custom_slot = ship_deck_space
			}
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Soryu Class"
			type = ship_hull_carrier_1
			name_group = JAP_CV_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_deck_slot_1 = ship_deck_space
				fixed_ship_deck_slot_2 = ship_deck_space
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = carrier_ship_engine_2
				fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = dp_ship_secondaries_1
				front_1_custom_slot = ship_deck_space
			}
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Zuiho Class"
			type = ship_hull_carrier_conversion_ca
			name_group = JAP_CVL_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_deck_slot_1 = ship_deck_space
				fixed_ship_deck_slot_2 = ship_deck_space
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = carrier_ship_engine_1
				fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			}
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Hosho Class"
			name_group = JAP_CVL_HISTORICAL
			type = ship_hull_carrier_conversion_ca
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_deck_slot_1 = ship_deck_space
				fixed_ship_deck_slot_2 = empty
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = carrier_ship_engine_1
				fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = empty
			}
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Ryujo Class"
			name_group = JAP_CVL_HISTORICAL
			type = ship_hull_carrier_1
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_deck_slot_1 = ship_deck_space
				fixed_ship_deck_slot_2 = ship_deck_space
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = carrier_ship_engine_1
				fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = dp_ship_secondaries_1
				front_1_custom_slot = empty
			}
			obsolete = yes
		}
		### Battleship Variants	
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Nagato Class"
			name_group = JAP_BB_HISTORICAL
			type = ship_hull_heavy_1
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_2
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_2
				fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
				fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
				front_1_custom_slot = empty
				mid_1_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
				mid_2_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_1
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_heavy_battery_2
			}
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Kongo Class"
			name_group = JAP_BB_HISTORICAL
			type = ship_hull_heavy_1
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_2
				fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
				fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bc_2
				front_1_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_1
				mid_1_custom_slot = empty
				mid_2_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_1
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
			}
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Fuso/Ise Class"
			type = ship_hull_heavy_1
			name_group = JAP_BB_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
				fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
				fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
				front_1_custom_slot = empty
				mid_1_custom_slot = dp_ship_secondaries_1
				mid_2_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_1
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
			}
			obsolete = yes
		}
			
		### Heavy Cruiser Variants			
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Myoko Class"
			type = ship_hull_cruiser_2
			name_group = JAP_CA_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_2
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_2
				fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_2
				fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = dp_ship_secondaries_1
				front_1_custom_slot = ship_medium_battery_2
				mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
				mid_2_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_1
			}
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Aoba Class"
			type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
			name_group = JAP_CA_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_1
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_2
				fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
				fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = dp_ship_secondaries_1
				mid_1_custom_slot = empty
				mid_2_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_2
				rear_1_custom_slot = empty
			}
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Chikuma Class"
			type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
			name_group = JAP_CA_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
				fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
				fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = empty
				mid_1_custom_slot = empty
				mid_2_custom_slot = empty
				rear_1_custom_slot = empty
			}
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Izumo Class"
			type = ship_hull_cruiser_coastal_defense_ship
			name_group = JAP_CA_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_1
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
				fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_2
				mid_1_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
				mid_2_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
				rear_1_custom_slot = empty
			}
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Tone Class"
			type = ship_hull_cruiser_2
			name_group = JAP_CA_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_2
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_2
				fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_2
				fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = dp_ship_secondaries_1
				front_1_custom_slot = ship_medium_battery_2
				mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_2
				mid_2_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_1
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_1
			}
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Mogami Class"
			type = ship_hull_cruiser_2
			name_group = JAP_CL_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_2
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_2
				fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_2
				fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = dp_ship_secondaries_1
				front_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_2
				mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_2
				mid_2_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_2
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_1
			}
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Yubari Class"
			type = ship_hull_cruiser_2
			name_group = JAP_CL_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_2
				fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
				mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
				mid_2_custom_slot = empty
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_1
			}
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Sendai Class"
			type = ship_hull_cruiser_2
			name_group = JAP_CL_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_2
				fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
				mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
				mid_2_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_1
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_1
			}
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Tenryu Class"
			type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
			name_group = JAP_CL_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_2
				fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
				mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
				mid_2_custom_slot = empty
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_1
			}
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Kuma/Nagara Class"
			type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
			name_group = JAP_CL_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
				fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
				mid_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
				mid_2_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_1
			}
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Okinoshima Class"					# cruiser minelayer
			type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
			name_group = JAP_MINELAYERS_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
				fixed_ship_armor_slot = empty
				mid_1_custom_slot = empty
				mid_2_custom_slot = empty
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_1
			}
		}
		### Destroyer Variants
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Mutsuki Class" #collection of various WWI and early interwar ships with similiar capabilities
			type = ship_hull_light_1
			name_group = JAP_DD_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
				fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
				mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_depth_charge_1
			}
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Momi Class" 
			type = ship_hull_light_1
			name_group = JAP_DD_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
				fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
				mid_1_custom_slot = empty
				rear_1_custom_slot = empty
			}
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Fubuki Class"
			type = ship_hull_light_1
			name_group = JAP_DD_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = dp_light_battery_1
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
				fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_2
				mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_2
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_depth_charge_1
			}
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Katsuriki Class" 				# collection of interwar DD-sized minelayers
			type = ship_hull_light_1
			name_group = JAP_MINELAYERS_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
				fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = empty
				mid_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_1
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_1
			}
		}	
		### Submarine Variants	
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Kaidai III Class"
			type = ship_hull_submarine_1
			name_group = JAP_SS_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_1
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
			}
		}	
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Ro-26 Class"
			type = ship_hull_submarine_1
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_1
				rear_1_custom_slot = empty
			}
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "I-121 Class"
			type = ship_hull_submarine_1
			name_group = JAP_SS_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_1
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_sub
			}
		}
	}
}

if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
	set_technology = {
		aa_lmg = 1
		engines_1 = 1
		engines_2 = 1
		early_bombs = 1
		aircraft_construction = 1
		iw_small_airframe = 1
		iw_medium_airframe = 1
		basic_small_airframe = 1
	}
	set_air_oob = "JAP_1936_air_bba"
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Ki-10"
		type = small_plane_airframe_0
		modules = {
			fixed_main_weapon_slot = light_mg_2x
			engine_type_slot = engine_1_1x
			special_type_slot_1 = empty
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Ki-2"
		type = small_plane_cas_airframe_0
		modules = {
			fixed_main_weapon_slot = small_bomb_bay
			engine_type_slot = engine_1_2x
			special_type_slot_1 = lmg_defense_turret
		}
		icon = "GFX_JAP_CAS1_medium"
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Ki-1"
		type = medium_plane_airframe_0
		modules = {
			fixed_main_weapon_slot = medium_bomb_bay
			engine_type_slot = engine_1_2x
			special_type_slot_1 = lmg_defense_turret
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Ki-3"
		type = small_plane_cas_airframe_0
		modules = {
			fixed_main_weapon_slot = bomb_locks
			engine_type_slot = engine_1_1x
			special_type_slot_1 = lmg_defense_turret
		}
		icon = "GFX_JAP_CAS1_medium"
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Aichi D1A2"
		type = cv_small_plane_cas_airframe_0
		modules = {
			fixed_main_weapon_slot = bomb_locks
			engine_type_slot = engine_1_1x
			special_type_slot_1 = dive_brakes_small
		}
		icon = "GFX_JAP_CAS1_medium"
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "A4N"
		type = cv_small_plane_airframe_0
		modules = {
			fixed_main_weapon_slot = light_mg_2x
			engine_type_slot = engine_1_1x
			special_type_slot_1 = empty
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "B2M"
		type = cv_small_plane_naval_bomber_airframe_0
		modules = {
			fixed_main_weapon_slot = torpedo_mounting
			engine_type_slot = engine_1_1x
			special_type_slot_1 = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
		icon = "GFX_JAP_cv_naval_bomber1_medium"
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "B4Y"
		type = cv_small_plane_naval_bomber_airframe_1
		modules = {
			fixed_main_weapon_slot = torpedo_mounting
			fixed_auxiliary_weapon_slot_1 = bomb_locks
			engine_type_slot = engine_2_1x
			special_type_slot_1 = empty
		}
		icon = "GFX_JAP_cv_naval_bomber1_medium"
	}
	else = {
		set_air_oob = "JAP_1936_air_legacy"
		set_technology = {
			cv_early_fighter = 1
			cv_CAS1 = 1
			cv_naval_bomber1 = 1
			early_fighter = 1
			naval_bomber1 = 1
			early_bomber = 1
			CAS1 = 1
		}
	}
}

1940.1.1 = {
	oob = "OOB_zero"
	add_ideas = {
		volunteer_only
		civilian_economy
		ai_aggression_ultra_idea
	}
	set_political_power = 0
	set_stability = 0.5
	set_war_support = 0.5
	set_research_slots = 4
	remove_dynamic_modifier = { modifier = JAP_gekokujo }
	remove_ideas = {
		JAP_Sayondzi_Kimmoti
		JAP_interservice_rivalry_balanced
		JAP_Seva
		JAP_army_factionalism
		JAP_zaibatsus
		JAP_Amur_River_Society
	}
}