capital = 547

oob = "KEN_1936"

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
}

set_convoys = 5

recruit_character = KEN_acas
recruit_character = KEN_communist_guy
recruit_character = KEN_ncs
recruit_character = KEN_awt
recruit_character = KEN_pot
recruit_character = KEN_fascist_guy
recruit_character = KEN_ai2
recruit_character = KEN_nt
recruit_character = KEN_aco2
recruit_character = KEN_ar
recruit_character = KEN_acr
recruit_character = KEN_mt
recruit_character = KEN_stc
recruit_character = KEN_aa2
recruit_character = KEN_acgs
recruit_character = KEN_ncm
recruit_character = KEN_nccr
recruit_character = KEN_coi
recruit_character = KEN_democratic_guy
recruit_character = KEN_acd2

# A colony of Italy in 1939.  However, if independent it would have the same politics as in 1936
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
	neutrality = 100
}

create_country_leader = {
	
	
	name = "Dedan Ngwale"
	picture = GFX_portrait_Dedan_Ngwale
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = centrism
	traits = {
		#
	}
}

