capital = 1070

oob = "LIB_1936"

set_stability = 0.3
set_war_support = 0.2

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	elephant_art_support = 1
}

add_ideas = {
	LIB_debts_to_firestone
	LIB_forced_labour
	LIB_lured_government
	LIB_resistance_of_kru_tribes
	LIB_slaveholding_formation
	LIB_hunger_risk
	disarmed_nation
	free_trade
}
set_convoys = 20

1941.12.5 = {
	remove_ideas = {
		LIB_debts_to_firestone
		LIB_forced_labour
		LIB_lured_government
		LIB_resistance_of_kru_tribes
		LIB_slaveholding_formation
		LIB_hunger_risk
	}
}

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 100
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1931.1.1"
	election_frequency = 96
	elections_allowed = yes
}


recruit_character = LIB_edwin_barclay
recruit_character = LIB_council_of_chieftains
recruit_character = LIB_varney_massaquoi
recruit_character = LIB_alford_russ
recruit_character = LIB_jenkins_yancey
recruit_character = LIB_elwood_davis
recruit_character = LIB_Louis_Artur_Graims
recruit_character = LIB_William_Tabmen
recruit_character = LIB_Clarence_Lorenzo_Simpson
recruit_character = LIB_DIDHWO_TWE
recruit_character = LIB_Fatima_Massaquoi
recruit_character = LIB_GABRIEL_MOORE_JOHNSON
recruit_character = LIB_Lester_Walton
recruit_character = LIB_Marcus_Garvey
recruit_character = LIB_TEOPHILUS_MOMOLU_GARDINER
recruit_character = LIB_Walter_Walker
recruit_character = LIB_Juah_Nimley
recruit_character = LIB_Thomas_Falkner
recruit_character = LIB_ERNEST_CYRIL
recruit_character = LIB_won_loy_chan
recruit_character = LIB_george_remond
recruit_character = LIB_reginald_brandon
recruit_character = LIB_james_brooks
recruit_character = LIB_john__r_fox
recruit_character = LIB_edgar_cailloux
recruit_character = LIB_benton_stukes
recruit_character = LIB_samuel_nell
recruit_character = LIB_andre_fields
recruit_character = LIB_aaron_pinn
recruit_character = LIB_stewart_holland
recruit_character = LIB_joseph_smith

1940.1.1 = {
	set_popularities = {
		democratic = 100
	}
	
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = democratic
		last_election = "1939.1.1"
		election_frequency = 48
		elections_allowed = yes
	}
	
	oob = "OOB_zero"
	add_ideas = {
		volunteer_only
		civilian_economy
		ai_aggression_ultra_idea
	}
	set_political_power = 0
	set_stability = 0.5
	set_war_support = 0.5
	set_research_slots = 4
}