capital = 8

oob = "LUX_1936"
set_stability = 0.5
set_war_support = 0.1

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_trucks = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	basic_train = 1
}
if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
	}
	set_technology = {
		early_fighter = 1
	}
}			   

add_ideas = {
	LUX_charlotte_idea
	LUX_belgian_economy_idea
}

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 75
	fascism = 6
	communism = 16
	monarchy = 3
}
	
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1934.6.3"
	election_frequency = 36
	elections_allowed = yes
}

recruit_character = LUX_joseph_bech
recruit_character = LUX_damian_kratzenberg
recruit_character = LUX_charlotte
recruit_character = LUX_charles_marx
recruit_character = LUX_pierre_dupong
recruit_character = LUX_emile_speller
recruit_character = LUX_felix_de_bourbon_parma
recruit_character = LUX_guillaume_konsbruck
recruit_character = LUX_jean_bourg
recruit_character = LUX_victor_abens
recruit_character = LUX_joseph_schuste
recruit_character = LUX_pierre_krier
recruit_character = LUX_nicolas_braunshausen
recruit_character = LUX_nicholas_margue
recruit_character = LUX_rene_blum
recruit_character = LUX_guillaume_soisson
recruit_character = LUX_nicholas_diedrich
recruit_character = LUX_paul_medinger
recruit_character = LUX_henri_ahnen
recruit_character = LUX_aloyse_glodt
recruit_character = LUX_damien_roeser
recruit_character = LUX_pierre_fischbach
recruit_character = LUX_alex_federspiel
recruit_character = LUX_nicolas_de_dixmude
recruit_character = LUX_florent_destriveaux

1940.1.1 = {
	set_popularities = {
		democratic = 75
		fascism = 5
		communism = 16
		monarchy = 4
	}
	
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = democratic
		last_election = "1937.6.6"
		election_frequency = 36
		elections_allowed = yes
	}

	promote_character = LUX_pierre_dupong
	retire_character = LUX_joseph_bech
	
	oob = "OOB_zero"
	add_ideas = {
		volunteer_only
		civilian_economy
		ai_aggression_ultra_idea
	}
	set_political_power = 0
	set_stability = 0.5
	set_war_support = 0.5
	set_research_slots = 4
}