capital = 328

oob = "MAN_1936"

if = {
	limit = { has_start_date < 1936.01.02 } 
	set_temp_variable = { ideology = token:fascism }
	NW_add_to_coalition = yes
	
	set_variable = { MAN_kwantung_army_commander_token = token:JAP_Dziro_Minami }
	set_variable = { MAN_kwantung_army_commander_faction = token:ugaki } # фракция угаки
	MAN_kwantung_army_commander_change = yes

	set_power_balance = {
		id = MAN_power_balance
		set_default = yes
	}
	add_dynamic_modifier = { modifier = MAN_kwantung_army_commander_modifier }

	add_dynamic_modifier = { modifier = MAN_banditry }
	set_variable = { MAN_strength_of_partisan_movement_var = -0.4 } #40 

	add_dynamic_modifier = { modifier = MAN_influence_JAP_corporations }
	set_variable = { MAN_JAP_influence_var = 0.12 } #12

	add_dynamic_modifier = { modifier = MAN_dream_of_a_great_pan_asian_project }
	set_variable = { MAN_eob_stability_factor = 0.1 } #10
	set_variable = { MAN_eob_production_factory_max_efficiency_factor = 0.1 } #10
	set_variable = { MAN_eob_production_factory_efficiency_gain_factor = 0.1 } #10
	set_variable = { MAN_eob_political_advisor_cost_factor = -0.1 } #-10

	add_dynamic_modifier = { modifier = MAN_multinational_state }
	set_variable = { MAN_ms_stability_factor = -0.15 }
	set_variable = { MAN_ms_war_support_factor = -0.05 }
	set_variable = { MAN_ms_political_power_factor = -0.1 }

	set_variable = { MAN_maintain_control_timer = 90 } # for loc
	
	diplomatic_relation = {
		country = EHB
		relation = military_access
		active = yes
	}
	
	328 = { #Kirin
		add_dynamic_modifier = { modifier = dense_rural_infrastructure }
	}
	715 = { #Liaoning
		add_dynamic_modifier = { modifier = dense_rural_infrastructure }
	}
	714 = { #Heilungkiang
		add_dynamic_modifier = { modifier = dense_rural_infrastructure }
	}
	717 = { #Hungkiang
		add_dynamic_modifier = { modifier = dense_rural_infrastructure }
	}
	761 = { #Hulunbuir
		add_dynamic_modifier = { modifier = dense_rural_infrastructure }
	}
}

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
    gw_artillery = 1
	#mass_assault = 1
	fleet_in_being = 1
	basic_train = 1
}
if = {
	limit = { NOT = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" } }
	set_technology = {
		early_fighter = 1
	}
}	
if = {
	limit = { NOT = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" } }
	set_technology = {
		gwtank = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { NOT = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	set_technology = {
	    early_destroyer = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	set_technology = {
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_light_battery = 1
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
	}
}

# leaders
recruit_character = MAN_zhang_jinghui
recruit_character = MAN_zang_shiyi
recruit_character = MAN_aisin_gioro_puyi
recruit_character = MAN_aisin_gioro_pujie
recruit_character = MAN_zheng_xiaoxu
recruit_character = MAN_aisin_gioro_xiqia
recruit_character = MAN_xu_fulin
recruit_character = MAN_yang_jingyu
recruit_character = MAN_li_zhaolin
recruit_character = MAN_zhou_baozhong
recruit_character = MAN_zhao_shangzhi
recruit_character = MAN_kaisaku_ozawa
recruit_character = MAN_shiraki_tachibana
recruit_character = MAN_ruan_zhenduo

#ministers
recruit_character = JAP_Yosuke_Matsuoka
recruit_character = MAN_chu_kudo 
recruit_character = MAN_bao_guancheng 
recruit_character = MAN_liu_menggeng
recruit_character = MAN_luo_zhenyu
recruit_character = MAN_sando
recruit_character = MAN_sasaki_toichi
recruit_character = MAN_etsusaburo_shiina 
recruit_character = MAN_harumichi_tanabe 
recruit_character = MAN_Tong_Jixu
recruit_character = MAN_yangsanjab
recruit_character = MAN_yuan_jinkai 
recruit_character = MAN_yuzhan 
#recruit_character = MAN_nobusuke_kishi перенёс его в JAP на старте 
recruit_character = MAN_razabu_saga 
recruit_character = MAN_qimotesemupile
recruit_character = MAN_zhao_jianbo 
recruit_character = MAN_zhang_yanqing 
recruit_character = MAN_lin_sheng
recruit_character = MAN_guifu
recruit_character = MAN_xie_jieshi 
recruit_character = MAN_george_bronson_rea 
recruit_character = MAN_li_yanlu
recruit_character = MAN_wang_datai
recruit_character = MAN_choi_yeongon
recruit_character = MAN_feng_zhongyun
recruit_character = KOR_kim_il_sung
recruit_character = KOR_choe_hyon
recruit_character = MAN_fujiyama_kazuo 
recruit_character = MAN_masahiko_amakasu
recruit_character = MAN_yoshiaki_kasagi
recruit_character = MAN_tominaga_tadashi
recruit_character = MAN_yu_jingyuan
recruit_character = MAN_sato_daishiro
recruit_character = MAN_naoki_hoshino
recruit_character = MAN_yoshisuke_aikawa

#ВСЕ остальные министры должны быть удалены TODO

#generals
recruit_character = MAN_zhang_haipeng
recruit_character = MAN_yoshiko_kawashima
recruit_character = MAN_guo_wenlin 
recruit_character = MAN_ganjuurjab 
recruit_character = MAN_wang_pu
MAN_ganjuurjab = { 
	set_character_flag = MAN_mongol_general
}
recruit_character = MAN_zhengzhurzab 
MAN_zhengzhurzab = { 
	set_character_flag = MAN_mongol_general
}
recruit_character = MAN_runqi 
recruit_character = MAN_urzhin_garmaev 
recruit_character = MAN_yu_zhishan
recruit_character = MAN_wu_guting
recruit_character = MAN_wu_yicheng
recruit_character = MAN_ding_chao
recruit_character = MAN_yao_zhenshan
recruit_character = MAN_tang_juwu
recruit_character = MAN_batmarabutan
recruit_character = MAN_wang_dianzhong
recruit_character = MAN_wang_jingxiu
recruit_character = MAN_guo_enlin
recruit_character = MAN_gurgen_nagolyan
recruit_character = MAN_xing_shilian
recruit_character = MAN_aisin_gioro_jixing
recruit_character = MAN_yu_chencheng

recruit_character = SOV_grigory_semyonov
SOV_grigory_semyonov = { 
	set_character_flag = SOV_exiled_army_leader
}

if = {
	limit = {
		has_start_date < 1936.01.02
	}
	declare_war_on = {
		target = YCP
		type = civil_war
	}
	#add_civil_war_target = YCP
	add_ideas = {
		#local_war
	}
	YCP = {
		#add_civil_war_target = MAN
		add_ideas = {
			#local_war
		}
	}
}

set_convoys = 20

set_popularities = {
	monarchy = 25
	fascism = 28
	neutrality = 26
	communism = 12
	democratic = 7
	trozkism = 1
	anarchism = 1
	#technocracy = 0
}

add_ideas = {
	#CHI_backward_industry3
	#MAN_banditry
	#MAN_influence_JAP_corporations
	MAN_opium_empire
	MAN_aisin_gyoro_puyi
	MAN_dilapidated_tax_system
	#MAN_dream_of_a_great_pan_asian_project
	#MAN_multinational_state
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

1940.1.1 = {
	oob = "OOB_zero"
	remove_ideas = {
		MAN_opium_empire
		MAN_aisin_gyoro_puyi
		MAN_dilapidated_tax_system
	}
	add_ideas = {
		volunteer_only
		civilian_economy
		ai_aggression_ultra_idea
	}
	set_political_power = 0
	set_stability = 0.5
	set_war_support = 0.5
	set_research_slots = 4
	
	set_popularities = {
		monarchy = 95
		fascism = 5
	}
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = monarchy
		elections_allowed = no
	}
}