capital = 558

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
}

set_convoys = 20

recruit_character = NGA_bernard_henry_bourdillon
recruit_character = NGA_umar_ibn_muhammad
recruit_character = NGA_micheal_imoudu
recruit_character = NGA_ncs
recruit_character = NGA_pot
recruit_character = NGA_nccr
recruit_character = NGA_fascist_guy
recruit_character = NGA_coi
recruit_character = NGA_ai2
recruit_character = NGA_democratic_guy
recruit_character = NGA_ar
recruit_character = NGA_acgs
recruit_character = NGA_awt
recruit_character = NGA_acd2
recruit_character = NGA_nt
recruit_character = NGA_aco2
recruit_character = NGA_acas
recruit_character = NGA_acr
recruit_character = NGA_mt
recruit_character = NGA_stc
recruit_character = NGA_aa2
recruit_character = NGA_ncm
recruit_character = NGA_communist_guy

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 25
	fascism = 20
	communism = 5
	neutrality = 50
}
