capital = 266

if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }
	set_oob = "PER_1936_nsb"
	else = {
		set_oob = "PER_1936"
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
		set_naval_oob = "PER_1936_naval_mtg"
	else = {
		set_naval_oob = "PER_1936_naval_legacy"
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
		set_air_oob = "PER_1936_air_bba"
	else = {
		set_air_oob = "PER_1936_air_legacy"
		set_technology = {
			early_fighter = 1
			CAS1 = 1
			early_bomber = 1
		}
	}
}

if = {
	limit = { date < 1940.1.1 }
	give_market_access = CZE
	give_market_access = GER
	give_market_access = AFG
}

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	tech_trucks = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
	basic_train = 1
}

if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank = 1
	}
	else = {
		set_technology = {
			gwtank_chassis = 1
		}
	}
}

set_stability = 0.3
set_war_support = 0.2

add_ideas = {
	#laws
	limited_exports
	volunteer_only
	##
	PER_soviet_persian_treaty
	PER_payments_from_oil_sales
	PER_catastrophic_disintegration_of_army
	PER_exorbitant_expenses_for_army
	PER_incompetent_officers
	PER_self_confidence_of_iranian_elites
}

add_dynamic_modifier = { modifier = PER_influence_of_clergy_dynamic_modifier }

set_variable = { level_integration_arabistan = 0 }
#
set_variable = { start_barrow_x = 235 }
set_variable = { start_barrow_text_x = 243 }
set_variable = { opinion_with_clergy_var = 0 }
set_variable = { influence_of_clergy_var = 7 }
#start position
set_variable = { min_barrow_x = 24 }
set_opinion_with_clergy_var = yes
set_influence_clergy_Value = yes
#
set_variable = { level_tension_of_heir = 0 }
set_variable = { level_confidence_of_father = 0 }
#
set_variable = { PER_current_army_idea_var = token:PER_catastrophic_disintegration_of_army }

set_convoys = 20

set_popularities = {
	monarchy = 50
	fascism = 30
	democratic = 0
	communism = 15
	neutrality = 5
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = monarchy
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

recruit_character = PER_reza_shah_pahlavi
recruit_character = PER_mohammed_reza_pahlavi
recruit_character = PER_abu_l_hasan_al_isfahani
recruit_character = PER_fazlollah_zahedi
recruit_character = PER_khalil_maleki
recruit_character = PER_amanullah_jahanbani
recruit_character = PER_gholamali_bayandor
recruit_character = PER_mohammad_shahbakhti
recruit_character = PER_karim_buzarjomehri
recruit_character = PER_habiballah_nowbakt
recruit_character = PER_hassan_taqizadeh
recruit_character = PER_zia_ol_din_tabatabaee
recruit_character = PER_iraj_eskandari
recruit_character = PER_tadj_ol_molouk
recruit_character = PER_ahmad_matin_daftari
recruit_character = PER_mohammad_hassan_mirza
recruit_character = PER_hamid_mirza
recruit_character = PER_taqi_arani
recruit_character = PER_allahyar_saleh
recruit_character = PER_hassan_arfa
recruit_character = PER_haj_ali_razmara
recruit_character = PER_assadollah_hosseinpoor
recruit_character = PER_mohammadhosayn_ayrom
recruit_character = PER_ahmad_amir_ahmadi
recruit_character = PER_morteza_yazdanpanah
recruit_character = PER_teymur_bakhtiar
recruit_character = PER_mohammadvali_gharani
recruit_character = PER_jafar_shafaghat
recruit_character = PER_ahmad_khan_nakhjavan
recruit_character = PER_mohammed_ali_foroughi
recruit_character = PER_ernest_perron
recruit_character = PER_seyed_bagher_qasemi
recruit_character = PER_mohamed_tadayon
recruit_character = PER_gholam_ali_farivar
recruit_character = PER_mostafa_fateh
recruit_character = PER_muhammad_taqi_bahar
recruit_character = PER_mohammad_mosaddegh 
recruit_character = PER_arthur_millsp
recruit_character = PER_ali_mansur
recruit_character = PER_abolqasem_nadjm
recruit_character = PER_javad_sad
recruit_character = PER_khalil_fahimi
recruit_character = PER_shamseddin_amir_alaei
recruit_character = PER_mohsen_rais
recruit_character = PER_ibrahim_hakimi
recruit_character = PER_mohammed_saed
recruit_character = PER_morteza_yazdi
recruit_character = PER_yadollah_bayandor
recruit_character = PER_hedayat_gilanshah
### NEW 0.5.1
recruit_character = PER_seyed_hossein_boroujerdi
recruit_character = PER_hossein_tabatabaei_qomi
recruit_character = PER_hassan_tabatabaei_qomi
recruit_character = PER_sayyid_hasan_mudarris
recruit_character = PER_abolghasem_kashani
recruit_character = PER_mahmoud_taleghani
recruit_character = PER_mohamed_nakhashab
recruit_character = PER_seyyed_jalal_al_e_ahmad
recruit_character = PER_mohammad_ali_khanji
recruit_character = PER_suleiman_eskandari
recruit_character = PER_anvar_hamai
recruit_character = PER_ehsan_tabari
recruit_character = PER_fereydoun_keshavarz
recruit_character = PER_reza_radmanesh
recruit_character = PER_jalaluddin_ashtiani
### RED
recruit_character = PER_khosro_roozbeh
recruit_character = PER_lahak_khan_bavand
recruit_character = PER_ezatullah_siamak
recruit_character = PER_gholamhossein_bigdeli
recruit_character = PER_abdulsamad_adl_qajar
recruit_character = PER_mohammad_ali_mobashery



PER_hassan_arfa = {
	set_character_flag = not_dismissal_leader_flag
}
PER_fazlollah_zahedi = {
	set_character_flag = not_dismissal_leader_flag
}
PER_karim_buzarjomehri = {
	set_character_flag = not_dismissal_leader_flag
}
PER_khosro_roozbeh = {
	set_character_flag = not_dismissal_leader_flag
}
PER_lahak_khan_bavand = {
	set_character_flag = not_dismissal_leader_flag
}

1941.12.5 = {
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = monarchy
		last_election = "1936.1.1"
		election_frequency = 48
		elections_allowed = no
	}
	
	create_country_leader = {
		name = PER_iraj_eskandari
		desc = "POLITICS_IRAJ_ESKANDARI_DESC"
		picture = "gfx/leaders/PER/Portrait_Iraj_Eskandari.dds"
		expire = "1965.1.1"
		ideology = marxism
		traits = {
		}
	}
	
	remove_ideas = {
		PER_soviet_persian_treaty
		PER_catastrophic_disintegration_of_army
		PER_exorbitant_expenses_for_army
		PER_incompetent_officers
		PER_self_confidence_of_iranian_elites
		PER_continued_reform
		PER_payments_from_oil_sales
	}
	remove_dynamic_modifier = { modifier = PER_influence_of_clergy_dynamic_modifier }
}

### VARIANTS ###
# 1936 Start #
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	set_technology = {
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
	}	
	# Destroyers #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Babr Class"			
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		name_group = PER_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "AH-IV"
		type = light_tank_chassis_0
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			main_armament_slot = tank_heavy_machine_gun
			turret_type_slot = tank_light_fixed_superstructure_turret
			suspension_type_slot = tank_bogie_suspension
			armor_type_slot = tank_riveted_armor
			engine_type_slot = tank_gasoline_engine
		}
		upgrades = {
			tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 2
			tank_nsb_armor_upgrade = 2
		}
		icon = "gfx/interface/technologies/gwtank.dds"
	}
}

1940.1.1 = {
	oob = "OOB_zero"
	add_ideas = {
		volunteer_only
		civilian_economy
		ai_aggression_ultra_idea
	}
	set_political_power = 0
	set_stability = 0.5
	set_war_support = 0.5
	set_research_slots = 4
}