capital = 2

oob = "ITA_1936"

set_research_slots = 4
set_stability = 0.5
set_war_support = 0.5
add_ideas = {
	limited_exports
	limited_conscription
	partial_economic_mobilisation
	
	RSI_sicily_idea
	RSI_sardinia_idea
}

# Starting tech
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
		set_technology = {
			aa_lmg = 1
			early_bombs = 1
			aircraft_construction = 1
			engines_1 = 1
			engines_2 = 1
			iw_small_airframe = 1
			iw_medium_airframe = 1
			basic_small_airframe = 1
			basic_medium_airframe = 1
		}
	else = {
		set_technology = {
			early_fighter = 1
			early_bomber = 1
			naval_bomber1 = 1
			CAS1 = 1
		}
	}
}
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	tech_trucks = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	trench_warfare = 1
	fleet_in_being = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
	fuel_refining = 1
	basic_train = 1
	
	strategic_bomber1 = 1
	# tech_sniper_squad = 1
	# tech_flamethrower_support = 1
}
if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank = 1
		basic_light_tank = 1
		# basic_light_fire = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank_chassis = 1
		basic_light_tank_chassis = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Battle for the Bosporus"
	}
	set_technology = { camelry = 1 }
}
if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
		set_technology = {
		early_submarine = 1
		early_destroyer = 1
		early_light_cruiser = 1
		early_heavy_cruiser = 1
		early_battleship = 1
		basic_battleship = 1
		early_battlecruiser = 1
		transport = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	set_technology = {
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		submarine_mine_laying = 1
		basic_depth_charges = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_cruiser_armor_scheme = 1
		basic_heavy_battery = 1
		basic_medium_battery = 1
		basic_light_battery = 1
		basic_heavy_armor_scheme = 1
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		basic_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		basic_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		basic_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
		basic_ship_hull_heavy = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
		coastal_defense_ships = 1
		improved_airplane_launcher = 1
	}
}

set_convoys = 200

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 35
	neutrality = 35
	communism = 20
	fascism = 10
}
	
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1935.6.9"
	election_frequency = 12
	elections_allowed = no # none after offset 1
}



recruit_character = RSI_pino_rauti
recruit_character = RSI_ivanoe_bonomi
recruit_character = RSI_umberto
recruit_character = RSI_pietro_badoglio
recruit_character = RSI_pietro_tresso
recruit_character = RSI_camillo_berneri
recruit_character = RSI_palmiro_togliatti
###
recruit_character = RSI_amadeo_bordiga
recruit_character = RSI_giorgio_almirante
recruit_character = RSI_gian_galeazzo_ciano
recruit_character = RSI_carlo_sforza
recruit_character = RSI_dino_grandi
recruit_character = RSI_junio_valerio_borghese
recruit_character = RSI_luigi_einaudi
recruit_character = RSI_raffaele_guariglia
recruit_character = RSI_giacomo_acerbo
recruit_character = RSI_paolo_thaon_di_revel
recruit_character = RSI_giovanni_agnelli
recruit_character = RSI_dino_alfieri
recruit_character = RSI_ardito_desio
recruit_character = RSI_giuseppe_pella
recruit_character = RSI_antonio_sorice
recruit_character = RSI_rodolfo_graziani
recruit_character = RSI_ugo_cavallero
recruit_character = RSI_emilio_de_bono
recruit_character = RSI_arturo_riccardi
recruit_character = RSI_inigo_campioni
recruit_character = RSI_italo_balbo
recruit_character = RSI_francesco_pricolo
recruit_character = RSI_renato_sandalli
recruit_character = RSI_mario_roatta
recruit_character = RSI_vittorio_ambrosio
recruit_character = RSI_alfredo_guzzoni
recruit_character = RSI_giovanni_messe
recruit_character = RSI_marziale_cerutti
recruit_character = RSI_alberto_da_zara
recruit_character = RSI_carlo_bergamini
recruit_character = RSI_luigi_mascherpa
recruit_character = RSI_guiseppe_fioravanzo
recruit_character = RSI_amedeo_mecozzi
recruit_character = RSI_gaetano_crocco




### VARIANTS ###
# 1936 Start #
#plane variants
create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "CR.42"
		type = fighter_equipment_0
		upgrades = {
			plane_gun_upgrade = 1
			plane_range_upgrade = 0  
			plane_engine_upgrade = 2
			plane_reliability_upgrade = 1
		}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	}
	### Ship Variants ###
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Bandiera Class"
		type = submarine_1
		upgrades = {
			ship_reliability_upgrade = 1
			sub_engine_upgrade = 1
			sub_stealth_upgrade = 1
			sub_torpedo_upgrade = 1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}

	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Sirena Class"
		type = submarine_1
		upgrades = {
			ship_reliability_upgrade = 2
			sub_engine_upgrade = 2
			sub_stealth_upgrade = 2
			sub_torpedo_upgrade = 2
		}
	}

	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Navigatori Class"
		type = destroyer_1
		upgrades = {
			ship_torpedo_upgrade = 1
			destroyer_engine_upgrade = 1
			ship_ASW_upgrade = 1
			ship_anti_air_upgrade = 1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}

	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Maestrale Class"
		type = destroyer_1
		upgrades = {
			ship_torpedo_upgrade = 3
			destroyer_engine_upgrade = 3
			ship_ASW_upgrade = 3
			ship_anti_air_upgrade = 3
		}
	}

	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Giussano Class"
		type = light_cruiser_1
		upgrades = {
			ship_reliability_upgrade = 1
			ship_engine_upgrade = 1
			ship_gun_upgrade = 1
			ship_anti_air_upgrade = 1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}

	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Montecuccoli Class"
		type = light_cruiser_1
		upgrades = {
			ship_reliability_upgrade = 3
			ship_engine_upgrade = 3
			ship_gun_upgrade = 3
			ship_anti_air_upgrade = 3
		}
	}

	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Zara Class"
		type = heavy_cruiser_1
		upgrades = {
			ship_reliability_upgrade = 2
			ship_engine_upgrade = 2
			ship_armor_upgrade = 2
			ship_gun_upgrade = 2
		}
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns"}
	### Battleship Variants	
	create_equipment_variant = {			# original configuration of class pre-refit (refit in 1937-40)
		name = "Andrea Doria Class"
		type = ship_hull_heavy_1
		name_group = ITA_BB_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
			front_1_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Conte Di Cavour Class"
		type = ship_hull_heavy_1
		name_group = ITA_BB_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
			front_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
		}
	}
	### Heavy Cruiser Variants	
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "San Giorgio Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_coastal_defense_ship
		name_group = ITA_CA_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_2
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			front_1_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Trento Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = ITA_CA_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_medium_battery_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Zara Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = ITA_CA_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_2
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_medium_battery_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Bolzano Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = ITA_CA_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_medium_battery_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_1
		}
	}
	### Light Cruiser Variants	
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Taranto Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = ITA_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Giussano Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = ITA_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_2
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_2
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Montecuccoli Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_2
		name_group = ITA_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_2
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = empty
			front_1_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_2
		}
	}

	### Light Cruiser Variants	
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Duca degli Abruzzi Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_2
		name_group = ITA_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_2
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			front_1_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_2
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_2
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_2
		}
	}
	### Destroyer Variants
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Curatone Class" 		#Represents the following WWI/1920s DDs/DEs: Curatone, Sauro/Sella, Turbine, Pilo, Audace, Siritori, La Masa, Palestro, Cantore
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		name_group = ITA_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Navigatori Class"			#Represents the following WWI/1920s Heavy DDs: Mirabello, (Aquila,) Leone, Navigatori
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		name_group = ITA_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_depth_charge_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}	
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Maestrale Class" 			#Represents the following WWI/1920s DDs: Freccia, Foglore, Mastrale, Oriani, Spica (and subclasses)
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		name_group = ITA_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_depth_charge_1
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Littorio Class"
			type = ship_hull_heavy_2
			name_group = ITA_BB_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_2
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_2
				fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_2
				fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_2
				front_1_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_1
				mid_1_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_2
				mid_2_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_2
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_heavy_battery_2
			}
		}
	### Submarine Variants	
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Mameli Class"
		type = ship_hull_submarine_1
		name_group = ITA_SS_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}	
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Bandiera Class"
		type = ship_hull_submarine_1
		name_group = ITA_SS_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Sirena Class"
		type = ship_hull_submarine_2
		name_group = ITA_SS_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Calvi Class"
		type = ship_hull_submarine_2
		name_group = ITA_SS_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
		}
	}
}


1939.1.1 = {
	if = {
		limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Marcello Class"
			type = submarine_2
			upgrades = {
				ship_reliability_upgrade = 1
				sub_engine_upgrade = 1
				sub_stealth_upgrade = 1
				sub_torpedo_upgrade = 1
			}
		}
	}
	if = {
		limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
		### Battleship Variants	
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Caio Duilio Class"			# refit variant (refit in 1937-40)
			type = ship_hull_heavy_1
			name_group = ITA_BB_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_2
				fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
				fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
				front_1_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_1
				mid_1_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
				mid_2_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_1
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
			}
		obsolete = yes
		}

		### Light Cruiser Variants	
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Duca degli Abruzzi Class"
			type = ship_hull_cruiser_2
			name_group = ITA_CL_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_3
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_2
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_2
				fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
				front_1_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_2
				mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
				mid_2_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_2
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_3
			}
		}
		### Destroyer Variants
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Soldati Class" 				# represents Soldati and Pegaso classes
			type = ship_hull_light_2
			name_group = ITA_DD_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_2
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_2
				fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
				mid_1_custom_slot = empty
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_depth_charge_1
			}
		}
		### Submarine Variants	
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Marcello Class"
			type = ship_hull_submarine_2
			name_group = ITA_SS_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_2
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
			}
		}
	}
}

1940.1.1 = {
	oob = "OOB_zero"
	add_ideas = {
		volunteer_only
		civilian_economy
		ai_aggression_ultra_idea
	}
	set_political_power = 0
	set_stability = 0.5
	set_war_support = 0.5
	set_research_slots = 4
}