capital = 121

#oob = ""

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	tech_trucks = 1
}

set_convoys = 20

recruit_character = SCO_ncm
recruit_character = SCO_acd2
recruit_character = SCO_democratic_guy
recruit_character = SCO_fascist_guy
recruit_character = SCO_coi
recruit_character = SCO_ar
recruit_character = SCO_aa2
recruit_character = SCO_awt
recruit_character = SCO_acgs
recruit_character = SCO_mt
recruit_character = SCO_nccr
recruit_character = SCO_aco2
recruit_character = SCO_nt
recruit_character = SCO_communist_guy
recruit_character = SCO_pot
recruit_character = SCO_acas
recruit_character = SCO_acr
recruit_character = SCO_stc
recruit_character = SCO_ai2
recruit_character = SCO_ncs


set_convoys = 50


set_popularities = {
    democratic = 97
	fascism = 2
	communism = 1
}
set_politics = {	
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1935.11.14"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes ##suspended through duration of war, which is handled via event
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "John MacCormick"
	desc = ""
	picture = "gfx/leaders/ENG/Portrait_Britain_Generic_2.dds"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = social_liberalism
	traits = {
	}
}

1940.1.1 = {
	oob = "OOB_zero"
	add_ideas = {
		volunteer_only
		civilian_economy
		ai_aggression_ultra_idea
	}
	set_political_power = 0
	set_stability = 0.5
	set_war_support = 0.5
	set_research_slots = 4
}