capital = 700

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
}

set_convoys = 10

recruit_character = SIE_acas
recruit_character = SIE_mt
recruit_character = SIE_nccr
recruit_character = SIE_ai2
recruit_character = SIE_ncs
recruit_character = SIE_aco2
recruit_character = SIE_acd2
recruit_character = SIE_nt
recruit_character = SIE_ar
recruit_character = SIE_fascist_guy
recruit_character = SIE_acgs
recruit_character = SIE_acr
recruit_character = SIE_stc
recruit_character = SIE_ncm
recruit_character = SIE_democratic_guy
recruit_character = SIE_communist_guy
recruit_character = SIE_coi
recruit_character = SIE_pot
recruit_character = SIE_aa2
recruit_character = SIE_awt

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 55
	fascism = 15
	communism = 5
	neutrality = 25
}
