capital = 559

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
}

set_convoys = 10

recruit_character = SOM_sheikh_bashir_yusuf
recruit_character = SOM_coi
recruit_character = SOM_aa2
recruit_character = SOM_democratic_guy
recruit_character = SOM_acd2
recruit_character = SOM_acr
recruit_character = SOM_fascist_guy
recruit_character = SOM_stc
recruit_character = SOM_ncs
recruit_character = SOM_awt
recruit_character = SOM_mt
recruit_character = SOM_communist_guy
recruit_character = SOM_ai2
recruit_character = SOM_ar
recruit_character = SOM_acas
recruit_character = SOM_acgs
recruit_character = SOM_ncm
recruit_character = SOM_nt
recruit_character = SOM_pot
recruit_character = SOM_nccr
recruit_character = SOM_aco2


set_politics = {
	ruling_party = monarchy
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	monarchy = 100
}