capital = 549

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
}

set_convoys = 20

recruit_character = SUD_coi
recruit_character = SUD_aa2
recruit_character = SUD_democratic_guy
recruit_character = SUD_acd2
recruit_character = SUD_acr
recruit_character = SUD_fascist_guy
recruit_character = SUD_stc
recruit_character = SUD_ncs
recruit_character = SUD_awt
recruit_character = SUD_mt
recruit_character = SUD_communist_guy
recruit_character = SUD_ai2
recruit_character = SUD_ar
recruit_character = SUD_acas
recruit_character = SUD_acgs
recruit_character = SUD_ncm
recruit_character = SUD_nt
recruit_character = SUD_pot
recruit_character = SUD_nccr
recruit_character = SUD_aco2

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 25
	fascism = 20
	communism = 5
	neutrality = 50
}
