capital = 757

oob = "TIB_1936"

set_stability = 0
set_war_support = 0

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
}

set_research_slots = 1

add_ideas = {
	TIB_tribute_to_nepal
	TIB_power_without_power
	TIB_agrarian_country
	TIB_conservatism
	TIB_backward_industry
	TIB_bad_army
	#laws
	disarmed_nation
	closed_economy
}

set_popularities = {
	monarchy = 100
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = monarchy
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

recruit_character = TIB_jamphel_yeshe_gyaltsen
recruit_character = TIB_thubten_choekyi_nyima
recruit_character = TIB_phuntsok_wangyal_goranga
recruit_character = TIB_pandatsang_rapga
recruit_character = TIB_nicholas_roerich
recruit_character = TIB_changra
recruit_character = TIB_kunga_wangchuk_langdun
recruit_character = TIB_tashi_dondrub
recruit_character = TIB_taring_jigme
recruit_character = TIB_wangchen_geleg_surkhang
recruit_character = TIB_surkhang_lhawang_topgyal
recruit_character = TIB_taktra_rinpoche
recruit_character = TIB_ngabo_ngawang_jigme
recruit_character = TIB_wangchuk_deden_shakabpa
recruit_character = TIB_liushar_thubten_tharpa
recruit_character = TIB_surkhang_wangchen_tseten
recruit_character = TIB_sonam_wangdu
recruit_character = TIB_gendun_chophel
recruit_character = TIB_yuthok_tashi_Dhondup
recruit_character = CHI_wu_zhongxin
recruit_character = TIB_thubten_kunphel

1940.1.1 = {
	set_popularities = {
		monarchy = 100
	}
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = monarchy
		last_election = "1936.1.1"
		election_frequency = 48
		elections_allowed = no
	}
	
	oob = "OOB_zero"
	remove_ideas = {
		TIB_tribute_to_nepal
		TIB_power_without_power
		TIB_agrarian_country
		TIB_conservatism
		TIB_backward_industry
		TIB_bad_army
	}
	add_ideas = {
		volunteer_only
		civilian_economy
		ai_aggression_ultra_idea
	}
	set_political_power = 0
	set_stability = 0.5
	set_war_support = 0.5
	set_research_slots = 4
}