capital = 777

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
}

set_convoys = 10

recruit_character = TOG_awt
recruit_character = TOG_acd2
recruit_character = TOG_nt
recruit_character = TOG_aco2
recruit_character = TOG_acas
recruit_character = TOG_acr
recruit_character = TOG_mt
recruit_character = TOG_stc
recruit_character = TOG_aa2
recruit_character = TOG_ncm
recruit_character = TOG_communist_guy
recruit_character = TOG_ncs
recruit_character = TOG_pot
recruit_character = TOG_nccr
recruit_character = TOG_fascist_guy
recruit_character = TOG_coi
recruit_character = TOG_ai2
recruit_character = TOG_democratic_guy
recruit_character = TOG_ar
recruit_character = TOG_acgs

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 25
	fascism = 20
	communism = 5
	neutrality = 50
}
