capital = 548

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
}

set_convoys = 0

recruit_character = UGA_aco2
recruit_character = UGA_nt
recruit_character = UGA_communist_guy
recruit_character = UGA_pot
recruit_character = UGA_acas
recruit_character = UGA_acr
recruit_character = UGA_stc
recruit_character = UGA_ai2
recruit_character = UGA_ncs
recruit_character = UGA_ncm
recruit_character = UGA_acd2
recruit_character = UGA_democratic_guy
recruit_character = UGA_fascist_guy
recruit_character = UGA_coi
recruit_character = UGA_ar
recruit_character = UGA_aa2
recruit_character = UGA_awt
recruit_character = UGA_acgs
recruit_character = UGA_mt
recruit_character = UGA_nccr

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 55
	fascism = 15
	communism = 5
	neutrality = 25
}
