capital = 778

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
}

set_convoys = 0

recruit_character = VOL_acd2
recruit_character = VOL_ncm
recruit_character = VOL_nccr
recruit_character = VOL_ai2
recruit_character = VOL_stc
recruit_character = VOL_pot
recruit_character = VOL_aco2
recruit_character = VOL_aa2
recruit_character = VOL_nt
recruit_character = VOL_communist_guy
recruit_character = VOL_democratic_guy
recruit_character = VOL_mt
recruit_character = VOL_acgs
recruit_character = VOL_coi
recruit_character = VOL_fascist_guy
recruit_character = VOL_ar
recruit_character = VOL_acr
recruit_character = VOL_ncs
recruit_character = VOL_awt
recruit_character = VOL_acas

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 25
	fascism = 20
	communism = 5
	neutrality = 50
}
