capital = 716

oob = "YCP_1936"

if = {
	limit = { has_start_date < 1936.01.02 }
	set_country_flag = nw_political_actions_block_flag
	set_country_flag = generic_block_political_actions
	set_country_flag = ability_heroic_defense_flag
	add_manpower = 15000 # TODO !!
	
	set_variable = { YCP_ycp_size = 20000 }
	set_variable = { YCP_ycp_casualties_percent = 0.12 }
	set_variable = { YCP_ycp_political_power_gain = 0.05 }
	set_variable = { YCP_ycp_command_power_gain_mult = 0.05 }
	set_variable = { YCP_ycp_industrial_capacity_factory = 0.05 }
	set_variable = { YCP_ycp_army_attack_factor = 0.05 }
	set_variable = { YCP_ycp_army_defence_factor = 0.05 }
	add_dynamic_modifier = { modifier = YCP_young_chinese_party }
	
	set_country_flag = {
		flag = YCP_coast_control_available_flag
		days = 180
		value = 1
	}
	set_variable = { YCP_war_escalation_level = 1 }
	
	add_ideas = {
		extensive_conscription
		partial_economic_mobilisation
		#
		chine_clique
		CHI_backward_industry1
		YCP_antijapanese_uprising
	}
	
	# for chine_clique idea
	NW_chine_clique_unrecognized_effect = yes
}

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
}
add_offsite_building = { type = arms_factory level = 1 }

recruit_character = YCP_zhao_dong
recruit_character = YCP_zeng_qi
recruit_character = YCP_bai_junshi
recruit_character = YCP_li_huan
recruit_character = YCP_chang_chun_mai
recruit_character = YCP_wang_zonghan
recruit_character = YCP_wang_shenlu
recruit_character = YCP_ji_tingseh
recruit_character = YCP_tang_wanning
recruit_character = YCP_gao_peng
recruit_character = YCP_song_mingao
recruit_character = YCP_li_gongquan
recruit_character = YCP_mu_zibing
recruit_character = YCP_zhao_hong_wengo
recruit_character = YCP_chen_qitian
recruit_character = YCP_zuo_shunsheng
recruit_character = YCP_yu_jiaju
recruit_character = YCP_hu_govei
recruit_character = YCP_liu_penjiu
recruit_character = YCP_li_wangjiu
recruit_character = YCP_he_luzhi
recruit_character = YCP_zhang_bolong
recruit_character = YCP_yu_fuxian
recruit_character = YCP_wang_shizeng
recruit_character = YCP_zhang_zheng
recruit_character = YCP_zhang_zhenwen
recruit_character = YCP_zhou_qianchong
recruit_character = YCP_chang_yansheng
recruit_character = YCP_zhang_junmai
recruit_character = YCP_zhao_yousong
recruit_character = YCP_ding_tingbiao
recruit_character = YCP_chen_zuyi
recruit_character = YCP_fu_jiliang
recruit_character = YCP_zhao_lianzhong
recruit_character = YCP_zhao_lili

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 36
	communism = 23
	fascism = 5
	neutrality = 36
	technocracy = 0
	trozkism = 0
	monarchy = 0
	anarchism = 0
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

1940.1.1 = {
	oob = "OOB_zero"
	add_ideas = {
		volunteer_only
		civilian_economy
		ai_aggression_ultra_idea
	}
	set_political_power = 0
	set_stability = 0.5
	set_war_support = 0.5
	set_research_slots = 4
}